feat: Add support for certificate (#139)
laravel-notification-channels/apn: README.md

Collect your Key ID, as well as your Team ID (displayed at the top right of the Apple Developer page) and app bundle ID and configure as necessary in `config/broadcasting.php`.

> Using JWT token configuration example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## JWT Token Authentication
```

```php
'connections' => [
    'apn' => [
        'key_id' => env('APN_KEY_ID'),
        'team_id' => env('APN_TEAM_ID'),
        'app_bundle_id' => env('APN_BUNDLE_ID'),

>         // Only one of `private_key_path` and `private_key_content` can be enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Enable either `private_key_path` or `private_key_content` depending on your environment
```

        // 'private_key_path' => env('APN_PRIVATE_KEY'),
        'private_key_content' => env('APN_PRIVATE_KEY'),

>         'private_key_secret' => env('APN_PRIVATE_SECRET', null),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'private_key_secret' => env('APN_PRIVATE_SECRET'),
```

No need to set `null` here.

        'production' => env('APN_PRODUCTION', true),
    ],
],
```

> Using Certificate (.pem) configuration example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Certificate (.pem) Authentication
```

```php
'connections' => [
    'apn' => [

>         'app_bundle_id' => env('APN_BUNDLE_ID'),

Reviewer: Just to be clear - is this the full configuration required for a certificate (i.e. `key_id`/`team_id` etc. are not required? I'd like if this could be copy-pastable and ready to go.

Author: The examples given here are required parameters, and other parameters are not required. I'll improve the notes and add links to Apple's official documentation.

        'certificate_path' => env('APN_CERTIFICATE_PATH'),

>         'certificate_secret' => env('APN_CERTIFICATE_SECRET', null),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'certificate_secret' => env('APN_CERTIFICATE_SECRET'),
```
